Th2 1953 (#23)
th2-net/th2-check1: README.md

## Release Notes

### 2.9.1

> + fixed problem with using full verification instead of verification by key fields to matching filter in sequence rule when order check is disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ fixed a problem while using full verification instead of verification by key fields, to matching the filter in sequence rule when order check is disabled
```

Reviewer 2: Why `matching the filter`? I think that `matching filter` here refers to a filter which is used for matching. If that so I think that `to matching filter in` should be changed to `in matching-filter of`

Reviewer: If "matching filter" refers to a specific filter, then I agree with you that should be changed to **in matching filter of**.
